oh hello and welcome to another exciting
class of internet comment etiquette to
accompany today's lesson I'll be
drinking a 2015 shatta new flip up a
luxurious read with notes of peppery
herbs in a mold edge I highly recommend
you seek out this vintage to cure
whatever it is that ails you
but what if instead of a fine wine I
told you to drink
[__] bleach do it everybody says
you're not supposed to drink bleach but
if I told you it was medicine yeah would
you do it dad I paint your wood well how
do people already are check the [__] a
so-called miracle treatment that claims
to cure autism has been making the
rounds online for years now but experts
say the mixture is actually a form of
industrial bleach this main promoter is
the Genesis to church of health and
healing and organization that claims to
be a non-religious online Church maybe
he should take a shot of it oh he does
now join me and the brand-new Attica set
as we begin our show aah
son of a [__] you know what I still
have to put together the Etica set so
we're just gonna keep doing the
green-screen sorry robot I don't got any
of that but what I do have is a shad
neuf de Pape grown in the southern Rhone
wine region of France
don't we all and that's what today's
lesson is all about now hang on while I
pick a cool background yeah that works
it's like we never left Eric what kind
of wine are you drinking oh this is
bleach yeah hey do you hear Rip Torn
died [__] you oh I'm sorry
I forgot that's your thing
[Applause]
hello and welcome to the show now this
lesson is called don't drink bleach
because as recently as June of this year
we've been seeing a lot of cases of
people who think that bleach has secured
anything other than life itself the lady
in this article is feeding bleach to her
sons to cure their autism so that's not
tight and well I'm not the first person
to address this bleach drinking fad I do
still feel the need to get the message
out there that you should not drink
bleach so don't drink bleach or do
anyway if I can get one at least one
person not to drink bleach throughout
the course of this video then I think
I'll proven my worth is a teacher that
said I'm gonna have to make sure I don't
say anything to negative about the
people who already drink bleach because
they're the ones I'm trying to reach out
to here now let's see what these useless
bleach drinking [__] think is going on
in their dumb lizard heads that they
should probably just unscrew from their
bodies and throw into the [__] ocean
because they'll sink to the bottom and
then fish can use it as a home it'll be
way more useful that way instead of
whatever the [__] their brains doing
right now because they're dumb a mom
turned to a controversial treatment for
her daughter's autism feeding her bleach
yeah you're not supposed to do that but
I'll bet a whole bottle of bleach that
we're gonna find somebody defending this
[__] in the comments section below
anyone who is afraid of this poison
should be reluctant to eat at a
restaurant every food contact service
and instrument is heavily doused in
sodium hypochlorite Clorox bleach but in
different amounts different dilutions
allowed the dry and not put directly
into the food and here's that guy's
rebuttal if you drink chopped water
you're already drinking more chlorine
than this woman put in the water she
gave to her children no you are not so
it's basically equivalent to what you
run the risk of being exposed to at a
swimming pool or eating at most
restaurants no it is not holy [__] that
one guy really wants people to drink
bleach maybe I can jump in there and
give them a little piece of Mama nope
comments are now closed
that's the least type thing I've seen so
far but it's like I always say comments
are always enabled somewhere so why
don't we go to Washington Post Facebook
and I'm gonna paste the title of that
headline in there and there you are what
a perfect opportunity to use my new
Facebook account
Todd Clorox hey guys Todd Clorox here I
just wanted to say that this article is
[__] [__] don't listen to their
lives
listen to todd todd Clorox
hey next time you're at your local
grocery store check out the bleach aisle
for our brand new flavors like peach
berry surprise prison food ladder which
you're gonna want to get used to
especially if your feet bleach dear kids
oops I gotta go I just turned my dog
sneeze in the other room so I better go
feed him some god damn bleach and
appease the stockholders all right well
hey you ever wanted to know how to make
bleach because my man Jim Humble here is
all about showing you MMS how to make
ceadeus with Jim Humble please if you
think you don't know enough don't don't
do anything but if you want to you of
course do it totally under your own
responsibility as we cannot be
responsible I don't think that's legally
binding and always some way for the
pressure to get out here and if you do
that you're safe but if you somehow
decided to plant this down here and
close it off then eventually you're
gonna get an exploding on you so yeah
dude no sweat just making [__]
chemicals and [__] bargain bleach and
never put a lid on this one how big did
he say the tube should be this is a way
to access it we test it with you won't
believe this but we test it with
Gatorade now the reason why I use
Gatorade is because Gatorade is pretty
available throughout the world what is
the blue drink is using that guys gonna
blow himself up and up this person
already did do not use fishtank hose it
blew up by way of the nipple failing if
I die tonight from lung failure I still
will be thrilled I try this okay
[Music]
and I shot it in there one two three
four five six
now I've still got some blue in there
mostly starting to get green but it's
still got blue in there and that isn't
good ah cool wait what the [__]
cool the weird voice makes me want to
jump out my window and I live on the
18th floor
why is my audio so garbled I can answer
that for you Eric let me guess my love
mic is a piece of crap no your
microphone is top of the line but you
ruined it by filling it with sweat what
Alexa what do you mean you sweat so much
that the microphone under your shirt
became flooded with sweat because you're
unhealthy in fat yeah look so that's not
very nice what you are doing to your
body is not nice you sweaty Pig I wasn't
even that sweaty I can't believe you
didn't die of dehydration well filming
this I don't see any of this [__] talk
is gonna save my audio fortunately I'm
always recording you though there is a
backup of everything that you said in
that room oh nice thanks Alexa there may
be a bit of an echo what have I ever
given a [__] about that
okay where was it all right this guy's
injecting cows with bleach oh this far
in the outside can be injected into the
muscles of the cow wait what am it does
this job and I treated 800 cows for
three months what's also a week also
here's that on ourselves to see how it
injects into our muscles and it worked
yeah okay we made it works okay and
we've also used it for IV intravenous
injections and it works too how does
that work and
and good luck to you well hang on it
looks like you forgot to tell us
something okay now there was one last
thing I wanted to show ya I have a fan
just out of the picture over here you
see I always turn that fan on when I'm
making it and I don't see why that's so
important now watch as I show you how to
change someone's mind about drinking
bleach be a youtube comment why would
anyone take health advice from a guy who
looks like he died 20 years ago this is
the same chemical Ted Cruz wipes down
his crime scenes we have to get rid of
blood and you people want to inject that
into your veins and kids and cows and
[__] but sure I'm the crazy one because
I trust doctors over indiana jones'
senile hippie grandpa listen I could
drive railroad spikes through my dick
and balls and say cures hiccups and
maybe it doesn't now but you're still
annihilating your dick and balls in the
process especially how you people are
annihilating whatever you have left of
your stomach lining by drinking the same
chemical I put in my pool to clean out
all the jizz these gay frogs keep
shooting all over each other in their in
conclusion you people are stupid as [__]
don't drink bleach ducks okay well I
think I talked some people out of
drinking bleach there but this Jim
Humble guy is such an interesting
character I need to know more about him
so here's this website I know this whole
kook has his email address on here
somewhere and oh there you are I hope I
fed my baby too much bleach now he's not
breathing
how much bleach should I feed him to
bring him back from the dead until I can
get him baptized and then right away
start feeding a bleach game because I
want him to go to heaven not hell god
bless you Jim humble
you old dumb [__] and then sent let's be
real there's no way this guy's checking
his own emails I mean for all I know he
went blind because I guess these people
put bleach in their [__] eyes too MMS
in the eyes follow these directions with
extreme care as you can cause problems
to your eyes and the directions are to
put bleach in your eyes whatever the
[__] website precious organics is but
they end the article with this glowing
review I've burned my eyes once I left
some MMS in my eye thinking that since I
did feel anything from it
didn't have enough strength to do damage
classic mistake I was wrong it didn't do
any noticeable damage to the eyeball but
the skin around my eyes dropped and
stretched downward about an inch I
looked terrible like my eyeball might
fall out and I was worried but it
cleared up in a few days that's so not
sigh I found their Facebook and they
seem like they're trying really hard to
scrub any mention of that MMS shift from
their page here but I haven't forgotten
you [__] come with a precious
organics it's me
Clorox precious organics what happened
to all your mms articles huh we're
talking about your guides on how to put
MMS in your eyeballs and your kids and
grandmas and your dogs and your veins
where did you put that content precious
organics I can't seem to find it
I want those articles Christmas organics
I want to print them out and read them
follow their directions so that I can
stay clean on time Clorox Clorox man
with the Clorox wow I need to put bleach
in my butt before I could go to sleep or
else all the bugs are gonna find mine
and mud and make a home and expresses
workers please tell me where these
articles are I need them why would you
take them down it's because bleach is
bad for you it would tell me if it was
bad for me right all right you guys
convinced you shouldn't drink bleach you
know what the [__] all right well anyway
let's take one more look since you're so
dead set on convincing me Jim Humble
responding the FDA ah this guy again
always comes back to this guy the guy
who invented bleach medicine there is
has been more than 500 thousand deaths
from drugs approved by the FDA in the
last three and a half year in the same
amount of time that they're in the same
amount of time that was reported yes
such a way with words life a stomachache
in the same amount of time that somebody
vomited once 500 thousand people died
from from taking fda-approved drug
mysterious death after taking miracle
miracle elixir linked to death Hilton
health ministry warns against using
supplement that can cost their to have
cracks down on videos to promote
drinking bleaches miracle FDA warns that
Washington State Church miracle cure is
just bluish interested in Uganda after
promoting MMS bleach is secured for HIV
and malaria thousand five a British boy
died after flying from the UK to America
to receive this treatment for his all
the parents who give their children
bleach enemas to cure them about this
Oracle mineral solution warning issued
by FDA over help seven kids removed from
Arkansas prep her family's home of her
use of bogus miracle cure Jim Humble
extraction gold Technic I think we all
know it is gold extraction technique
really is and it's got nothing to do
with pebble I just feel like I'm feeding
bleach to it dead horse at this point so
let's shake it up with this next comment
I'm gonna do this one as a series of
haikus this man is so old I can smell
him through my screen like bleach and
diapers rider died for Jim by drinking
his poison cure you chose ride and die
doctors must love him for all the
poisoned victims he's sending their way
if cows had voices they with me to this
old [__] instead they just scream I
would hate to know what your kids did in
past lives to be cursed with you so in
conclusion Jim Humble can suck my dick
please stop drinking bleach hey that was
fun all right well I think that settles
that just don't drink bleach unless of
course you're buying it from the neon
grizzly dot-com store that's right now
in the neon grizzly calm store we've got
a special deal with Todd Clorox himself
to get you the best flavors of bleach on
the market my legal department requires
me to tell you there's bleach just for
cleaning purposes only you do not drink
this bleach even though it is flavored
like a fresh summer fruit everyone makes
perfectly with your favorite blue
Gatorade we all know you can buy those
[__] anywhere sort of like how
neon grizzly offers international
shipping for all the internet common
etiquette merchandise that's right we
also got shirts like this uncle dollar
shirt right here look at this [__]
abomination you're guaranteed to get
late wearing this son of a [__] let's
be honest please his name of the game
here folks that's why we're celibate ops
they're pre frozen bleach treats for you
in the kids game you're not supposed to
consume these we also have ez squeeze
bleach smoothies so you can drink wait
oh [__] okay there we go yeah hey they
said it cassettes really starting to
shape up huh I mean I know it's a little
bare but once I get some artwork on
these walls I'm gonna be feeling pretty
good well thank you so much for watching
my don't drink bleach episode sorry
about all those audio issues there's one
thing I learned from that is that should
always have your lava mic on the outside
especially if you're me hey Alexa yes
Eric how's my bleach video doing on
YouTube everyone is complaining about
the echo and they're all making fun of
you for being sweaty no I don't mean
that I mean did I talk anyone out of
drinking bleach no but you did talk 34
people into trying bleach for the first
time
[Music]
my balls and I sweat for no reason I'm
sweaty damn I just wasted all that time
doing that I sweat all over again
I know mr. salvia is it ready
[Music]